hello peachie fam how are you guys doing
today I hope you're wonderful if you're
not peachy fam hi my name is Sara Dee
chi rhymes with peachy today we're going
to get into some gadgets and gizmos that
I haven't done a lot of videos on
recently I used to make electric
skateboard videos all the time just like
anything that you could step on or ride
around the city and I thought today why
not why not do that I have some fun
stuff that was sent to me the thing is I
really don't I guess like vlog anymore
and then on the insta story is where
usually I do vlog it's hard to capture
stuff on your phone when you're on like
a bike thing because it requires both
hands but snapchat just released a new
update of spectacles and the glasses
actually look pretty cool there's
something I would actually wear outside
and the new updated spectacles come in a
variety of formats so I'm excited to get
those then I'll show those off and
hopefully it'll be easier and safer and
more fun to share moped stuff but that's
how we're gonna get to the office and
the last video you guys were like Sara
you Debu a bike helmet you're gonna die
so I bought like a fancy motorcycle
moped helmet I wore it for a little bit
and then I got an email that I need to
send it back because it's like defective
or something so that's great but a
bicycle helmet is better than nothing so
please don't give me a hard time this is
where it has lived when I write it from
the office to the apartment um in our
kitchen Sean how do you feel about a
moped just like being in the kitchen I
think it's awesome I think the smell is
the best part they actually carry no it
actually doesn't bother me at all I
think it's cool looking Thanks it's a
set off all right they talked to me
I think we need to go and venture down
to the office and try out this new stuff
we got
it's a tiny electric skateboard and
Segway wheel shoes but a different
version yeah let's get that girl we're
gonna see if I can
keep his skateboard on the back with a
belt I should probably get one of those
where they called John
jambalaya - hey we're done I just they
might slide around them I don't think it
will I'm just gonna I can just sit on
that right
[Music]
but we ain't got no time for the games
you
just by another
so margarita and now said this town hey
cuz you know we ain't got all day guys
the traffic was insane and it's so hot
outside we chose the most hottest day
ever
yeah the most hottest to go play outside
but I'm excited if we don't keep the air
conditioner on we might die actually I'm
a little jealous who needs youtubers
started getting the Segway wheels but
guess what a company called who will
email me I was like yo we got hover
shoes you want some so we're gonna see
how they are the Segway should look
pretty promising I actually don't know
what the price of this is but if it's
cheaper then I'm assuming it's cheaper
tissue sure you and myself like this one
is a miniature electric skateboard a
while ago I swore off doing electric
skateboard videos because I was like I'm
just waiting for booster board to come
out with a compact boost board that's
gonna be the best thing ever and it's
great for a small board it definitely
has the most control it can go fast
however it's still heavy so this is a
loop board and it looked smaller and
compact and less heavy which is the only
thing I think missing the boost for mini
is great but it's like still not the
best in trouble because it's heavy so we
shall see oh yeah
I already did so this is
be like a double review it's gonna be
somewhere wailing oh very styrofoam oh
why you love to eat this stuff whoo
these are wave fancier than I popular my
only thing is this weighs less than like
16 pounds then it's a winner
okay it's better and lighter
[Music]
we're gonna get things charged and then
we'll be back how do you do this
this is a professional skateboarder
ladies and gentlemen Oh
[Music]
oh my god yeah guys this is the future
right here
all right the first obstacle is to the
door
oh my head go bid go
[Music]
Wow I couldn't even do the one she
thinks I should go over here because
she's gonna make it this far
who's awesome you're getting it I'm
doing it guys so how is everything today
y'all doing good because this is
terrifying
I'm so scared
you got this guarantee you once you go
right there you're gonna do it I believe
in you oh yeah oh you're getting so fast
[Music]
no oh oh you're doing it yeah make it
all the way across that bridge
[Music]
first impressions that was actually a
lot of fun it was it was terrifying in
the gecko but I think we're gonna get
better yeah exactly like the one wheel
that's that's how that deals and I
struggled it's the one will I think I'm
gonna be able to like conquer that yeah
for some reason also if you just came
through the hover shoes and you're like
I'm good will guess what John started a
new channel progress Bailey I mean
that's your clothing brand to see you
but he's doing some really cool videos
over there you guys need to check out in
the description below what did we do we
actually just did a video of her trying
kimchi for the first time and a bunch of
Korean foods spicy foods
she doesn't handle it well I know but it
was funny seeing her reactions and to
document it yeah was my privilege yeah
so it's super fun you'll have to find
out how that went in description below
up there below baggage babe the main
focus right now is the Lu board right so
my biggest thing is can you have control
with the remote that's a little bit more
dinky this is the Lu remote and the base
bird round I'm a big fan of the mystery
room oh yeah a lot of control this just
feels like cheaper and more plastic ye
yes but the point is is velu board a
cheaper alternative and a lighter
alternative yes already lighter it's so
much you have to be a hyper critical all
about your skateboards because you have
to use them in dangerous ways like going
through cities so it's important and
honestly I do know this the booster
board has already won the New York City
commuting I just trust it I don't feel
like I'm gonna die and so this loo board
is gonna be my travel board test I can
already tell it'll be better in a
suitcase but I'll just have to double
check the regulations because I
the thing is you have to remove the
battery from it in order to travel with
it right and it's irremovable it's yeah
forget everything that I said you'd
actually remove the battery the grip
tape is velcro yeah that's cool
okay convened so now let's figure out
how to turn on this skateboard let's do
it okay so apparently
that's good what it works yeah so
there's no button actually on the
skateboard pretty go outside let's do it
it's humid yes
[Music]
okay so way better than I expected you
actually have control of this remote
it's just a little bit goes a long way
so I feel like this would be perfect
with the booster board around this is
better than every Acton oh yeah I like
this so it's on mode to the fast mode
the frags are very on sudden yeah you
can pull it all the way down and it
won't grow you Oh which is very rare
with electric skateboard does it not
reverse so there's that please that's
why it's so you can slam on the brakes
right most boards you slam on brakes it
throws you it's easier to pivot right
[Music]
Wow
No was the lube word on these New York
streets going fast I was going pretty
fast on the boosted mini yeah I think if
you're used to the booster board it
doesn't feel that comfortable I'll be
honest plus the top of it isn't that
grippy Oh
blasting so I kind of like a penny board
your feet feel ratalie and the remote
actually is pretty spotty when you start
to speed up it's sort of a jolt and then
you start going and when you slow down
it's sort of a jolt and then you slow
down and it doesn't fully stop
so I actually ran into the back of a
couple of things but I think if you're
not used to let you see words it's fun
it feels good you don't know any better
but with the booster board this is so
grippy and honestly I was just cruising
man yeah I I mean the mini go there's no
jolt so all of the boost is honestly are
perfect for getting around New York
however I thought this blue board was
going to be another disappointment but I
was pleasantly surprised I think blue
board will officially be my like travel
board stick this in my suitcase take out
the battery and you're good to go
just why I feel way more comfortable
traveling with that than traveling that
but New York it's like boosted booster
got it right it's rough out here in this
freeze so the loo one starts at 450 and
then the lutherie goes all the way up to
$1,000 which if this is the O 3 and it's
the same price as the boosted X with the
extender range battery 60 mile range I
would hands down so you just get the
boost in but if this is the loop one I
need to check and this is a 450 price
point heck yeah totally worth it alright
guys make sure to check out this video I
did over on Jon's Channel 4's daily
thanks
dude thanks for letting me be a part of
this let me know if you like this video
hit that subscribe button down below for
new videos every single week this was
just like a funs it outside video I it's
fun to do this everyone so I like it
though
stay PG yes okay
[Music]
you